c:\Users\Mads\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TSEIS\Stateful1.Interface\bin\x64\Debug\Stateful1.Interface.dll
c:\Users\Mads\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TSEIS\Stateful1.Interface\bin\x64\Debug\Stateful1.Interface.pdb
c:\Users\Mads\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TSEIS\Stateful1.Interface\bin\x64\Debug\Microsoft.ServiceFabric.Data.dll
c:\Users\Mads\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TSEIS\Stateful1.Interface\bin\x64\Debug\Microsoft.ServiceFabric.Data.Interfaces.dll
c:\Users\Mads\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TSEIS\Stateful1.Interface\bin\x64\Debug\Microsoft.ServiceFabric.FabricTransport.dll
c:\Users\Mads\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TSEIS\Stateful1.Interface\bin\x64\Debug\Microsoft.ServiceFabric.Internal.dll
c:\Users\Mads\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TSEIS\Stateful1.Interface\bin\x64\Debug\Microsoft.ServiceFabric.Internal.Strings.dll
c:\Users\Mads\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TSEIS\Stateful1.Interface\bin\x64\Debug\Microsoft.ServiceFabric.Services.dll
c:\Users\Mads\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TSEIS\Stateful1.Interface\bin\x64\Debug\Microsoft.ServiceFabric.Services.Remoting.dll
c:\Users\Mads\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TSEIS\Stateful1.Interface\bin\x64\Debug\System.Fabric.dll
c:\Users\Mads\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TSEIS\Stateful1.Interface\bin\x64\Debug\System.Fabric.Management.ServiceModel.dll
c:\Users\Mads\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TSEIS\Stateful1.Interface\bin\x64\Debug\System.Fabric.Management.ServiceModel.XmlSerializers.dll
c:\Users\Mads\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TSEIS\Stateful1.Interface\bin\x64\Debug\System.Fabric.Strings.dll
c:\Users\Mads\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TSEIS\Stateful1.Interface\bin\x64\Debug\Microsoft.ServiceFabric.Data.xml
c:\Users\Mads\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TSEIS\Stateful1.Interface\bin\x64\Debug\Microsoft.ServiceFabric.Data.Interfaces.xml
c:\Users\Mads\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TSEIS\Stateful1.Interface\bin\x64\Debug\Microsoft.ServiceFabric.FabricTransport.xml
c:\Users\Mads\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TSEIS\Stateful1.Interface\bin\x64\Debug\Microsoft.ServiceFabric.Services.xml
c:\Users\Mads\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TSEIS\Stateful1.Interface\bin\x64\Debug\Microsoft.ServiceFabric.Services.Remoting.xml
c:\Users\Mads\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TSEIS\Stateful1.Interface\bin\x64\Debug\System.Fabric.xml
c:\Users\Mads\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TSEIS\Stateful1.Interface\obj\x64\Debug\Stateful1.Interface.dll
c:\Users\Mads\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TSEIS\Stateful1.Interface\obj\x64\Debug\Stateful1.Interface.pdb
